web/README.md, before:

## web

### About Project

This project represents Front-End part for _diploma_ project and implements SPA.

### Built With

* [React 16.13](https://reactjs.org/);
* [Redux](https://redux.js.org/);
* [Redux Saga](https://redux-saga.js.org/);
* [React Formik](https://formik.org/overview);
* [Material UI 4](https://v4.mui.com/getting-started/installation/);
* [Jest](https://jestjs.io/);

### Prerequisites

Before launching this application make sure you have prepared the following components:

* Windows | macOS | Linux;
* [NodeJS 14](https://nodejs.org/gl/blog/release/v14.0.0/)
* [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) | [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) | [Webstorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/);
* [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) - optional (included in _package.json_);
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - optional;

### Installation and launch

1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/dotnet-fizzyy/Diploma.git
```
2. Open directory _web_;
3. Run the command to install dependencies
```
npm install
```
4. If you have Yarn installed on your OS, you can just run the following command:
```
yarn start
```
otherwise
```
npm run start
```

Application will build its modules and your browser should be opened.;
5. Visit the following URL: https://localhost:3000. You should see start page of application for a while;

### Docker

Docker is not necessary to launch application if you have prepared prerequisites for your physical OS. If you want to launch it without and modifications and would like to see the working result, you can refer to the next steps:

1. Follow the first step from previous article;
2. Open project root directory via terminal (_diploma_ directory);
3. Run the following command:
```
docker-compose up --build
```
4. Wait until corresponding images will be downloaded, all steps from Dockerfile will pass and application will start;
5. Visit the following URL: http://localhost:7000/swagger. You should be able to see Swagger description;
6. If you need to stop Docker containers, you can just press `ctrl + C` keyboard combination in your terminal and wait until containers will be stopped. To terminate containers, enter (or stop via Docker dashboard):
```
docker-compose down
```
7. To remove application images, enter the following command (or remove via Docker UI dashboard):
```
docker rmi node:14-alpine ui
```

### Contact

dotnet-fizzyy | [GitHub](https://github.com/dotnet-fizzyy) | ezzyfizzy27@gmail.com

Commit message:

Extend documentation for README.md documentation for Front and Back-End parts, include testing step, add Dotnet CLI tool for Back

web/README.md, after:

## web

### About Project

This project represents Front-End part for _diploma_ project and implements SPA.

### Built With

* [React 16.13](https://reactjs.org/);
* [Redux](https://redux.js.org/);
* [Redux Saga](https://redux-saga.js.org/);
* [React Formik](https://formik.org/overview);
* [Material UI 4](https://v4.mui.com/getting-started/installation/);
* [Jest](https://jestjs.io/);

### Prerequisites

Before launching this application make sure the following components are prepared:

* Windows | macOS | Linux;
* [NodeJS 14](https://nodejs.org/gl/blog/release/v14.0.0/)
* [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) | [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) | [Webstorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/);
* [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) - optional (included in _package.json_);
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - optional;

### Installation and launch

1. Clone repository
```
git clone https://github.com/dotnet-fizzyy/Diploma.git
```
2. Open directory _web_;
3. Run the command to install dependencies
```
npm install
```
4. If Yarn package manager is installed on your OS, just run the following command:
```
yarn start
```
otherwise
```
npm run start
```

Application will build its modules and your browser should be opened.;
5. Visit the following URL: https://localhost:3000. Should see start page of application for a while;

### Testing

Application supports the following types of tests:

* Unit;

To be able to run Unit tests, run the following command with yarn:
```
yarn test
```

or using npm
```
npm run test
```

Unit tests cover the following parts: 
* Redux - reducers and saga;
* Utils;

### Docker

Docker is not necessary to launch application in case of prepared prerequisites for your physical OS. If there is a need to launch it without and modifications and would like to see the working result, refer to the next steps:

1. Follow the first step from previous article;
2. Open project root directory via terminal (_diploma_ directory);
3. Run the following command:
```
docker-compose up --build
```
4. Wait until corresponding images will be downloaded, all steps from Dockerfile will pass and application will start;
5. Visit the following URL: http://localhost:7000/swagger. Should be able to see Swagger description;
6. If there is a need to stop Docker containers, ust press `ctrl + C` keyboard combination in your terminal and wait until containers will be stopped. To terminate containers, enter (or stop via Docker dashboard):
```
docker-compose down
```
7. To remove application images, enter the following command (or remove via Docker UI dashboard):
```
docker rmi node:14-alpine ui
```

### Contact

dotnet-fizzyy | [GitHub](https://github.com/dotnet-fizzyy) | ezzyfizzy27@gmail.com
